feat(config): allow to add defaults options for actions (#1792)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/configuration.rst

See :ref:`Examples` for configuration file examples.

Defaults
~~~~~~~~

> - The value type of the ``defaults`` is a dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The value type of ``defaults`` is a dictionary.
```

This dictionary must have the following key:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 1 1 2

   * - Key Name
     - Value Type
     - Value Description
   * - ``actions``
     - dictionary of :ref:`Actions`

>      - A dictionary made of :ref:`Actions` that will be executed on the
>        matching pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - A dictionary made of :ref:`Actions` whose configuration will be used by default.
```

> The ``defaults`` are  merged with ``pull_request_rules``.
> If options are already defined in ``pull_request_rules`` they are not overwrited by ``defaults``.
> See :ref:`Examples` for configuration file examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``defaults`` section is used to define default configuration values for actions run by pull request rules and by :ref:`Commands`.

If the options are defined in ``pull_request_rules`` they are used, otherwise, the values set in ``defaults`` are used.
```

See :ref:`Examples` for configuration file examples.

Defaults
~~~~~~~~

- The value type of ``defaults`` is a dictionary.

This dictionary must have the following key:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 1 1 2

   * - Key Name
     - Value Type
     - Value Description
   * - ``actions``
     - dictionary of :ref:`Actions`
     - A dictionary made of :ref:`Actions` whose configuration will be used by default.

The ``defaults`` section is used to define default configuration valued for actions run by pull request rules and by :ref:`Commands`.
If the options are defined in ``pull_request_rules`` they are used, otherwise, the values set in ``defaults`` are used.

See example below:

.. code-block:: yaml

  defaults:
    actions:
      comment:

>         message: I 💙 Mergify

Reviewer: Not sure it's the best place to use a `defaults`, I don't expect people to use a default message for comment. :)

>         bot_account: Autobot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        bot_account: Autobot

```
add an empty line

  pull_request_rules:
    - name: comment with default
      conditions:
        - label=comment
      actions:
        comment:
          message: I 💙 Mergify

>     - name: comment with default and other message
>       conditions:
>         - label=other comment
>       actions:
>         comment:
>           message: I really 💙 Mergify

Reviewer: You can keep it at one action to keep things simple.
```suggestion
```

The config above is the same as below:

.. code-block:: yaml

  pull_request_rules:
    - name: comment with default
      conditions:
        - label=comment
      actions:
        comment:
          message: I 💙 Mergify
          bot_account: Autobot

>     - name: comment with default and other message
>       conditions:
>         - label=other comment
>       actions:
>         comment:
>           message: I really 💙 Mergify
>           bot_account: Autobot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
